so fatigued work. It does happen. You know, uh, it's they say, that the
navy runs on coffee. Saw lot smaller, that war to control the nineties
on. Personally, I was always a great judge of bad coffee because
we didn't have a Starbucks on for my shit actual form our ships weeding
out Starbucks. You could maybe go to a start. But we didn't have
Starbucks. That stuff on fancy electrolytes and all that good stuff.
So we'll handle fatigue. Goes back to the old phrase of our many
wooden ships. You have to be in shape. You after your coffee, you have
to punch yourself whatever it takes, advising anyone to beat the
crap out of themselves and just sloppy fall. You know, picture on trying,
stay. Wait. Especially if you're on the bridge and you've got
a watch. Stay away to get up to get the next watch. Well, believe it
because you have 300 souls depending upon you and your judgment. And
if you want the ship aground to the ship because you're tired loads
ears, no excuse at all. So drop it. Give me another 20 on I stay
away The best you can. It's gonna happen. You know your body best, don't
you?